Update the Go documents (#123)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/go/03-policy-settings.md

```go
import (
	mapset "github.com/deckarep/golang-set"
	kubewarden "github.com/kubewarden/policy-sdk-go"
	kubewarden_protocol "github.com/kubewarden/policy-sdk-go/protocol"
	"github.com/mailru/easyjson"

	"fmt"
	"regexp"
)

> type Settings struct {

Reviewer: shouldn't we defined the Settings in [type.go](https://github.com/kubewarden/go-policy-template/blob/main/types.go#L21) ? 
Adding Settings here gives me a duplicated struct error

Reviewer: ah I saw the next step is removing the Settings in type.go . Will do all the steps

	DeniedLabels      mapset.Set
	ConstrainedLabels map[string]*regexp.Regexp
}
```

As you can see we're using the `regexp` package to handle regular expression objects, plus
we use the [`mapset.Set`](https://github.com/deckarep/golang-set) type to store
the list of denied labels.

The `Settings` struct has no json attributes. That's because none of its
attributes can be deserialized from JSON:

  * `regexp.Regexp`: doesn't handle deserialization, not even with the official Go
    compiler
  * `mapset.Set`: given it uses `interface`s internally, this cannot be handled by
    TinyGo due its lack of reflection. Not even `easyjson` can help here

> Because of that, we are going to use a different Go type to deserialize the input

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to this, we are going to use a different Go type to deserialize the input
```

data. We will call this Go type: `BasicSettings`.

## Defining the `BasicSettings` type

The default policy defines its own `Settings` type inside of the `types.go` file.
Starting from this file, we then leverage the `easyjson` cli tool to create the
serialization and deserialization code.

Open the `types.go` file, remove the `Settings` type and define a new `BasicSettings`
one:

```go
type BasicSettings struct {
	DeniedLabels      []string          `json:"denied_labels"`
	ConstrainedLabels map[string]string `json:"constrained_labels"`
}
```
Next, let's regenerate the `types_easyjson.go` file. Usually there's no need to
do that manually because `make` handles that automatically. However, right now

> we cannot rely on `make` because all the changes we've done so far have broken

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused here as to what we're trying to say? Are we intending to state that in a normal scenario this would work but only while implementing this the first time we need to run the make command? Or is it every single time?
```suggestion
we cannot rely on `make` because all the changes we've done so far have broken
```

Author: `make` used to work when we cloned the repository, but since we've started making invasive changes this is temporarily broken. Once we complete all the changes we will be able to use `make` again

the regular build process.

To regenerate the `types_easyjson.go` file execute the following command:

```shell
make types_easyjson.go
```

> **Note:** this requires docker to be running on your machine

## Building `Settings` instances

> A kubewarden policy exposes two diffrent functions that receive as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Kubewarden policy exposes two different functions that receive the
```

> input the policy settings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
policy settings as input:
```

* `validate`: this is the function that is invoked every time some Kubernetes
  object has to be validated by the policy. The settings are received as part
  of the [`ValidationRequest`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubewarden/policy-sdk-go@v0.2.1/protocol#ValidationRequest)
  object

> * `validate_settings`: this function is called once, when the policy is first

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `validate_settings`: This function is called only when the policy is first
```

}
```

As you can see, the heavy lifting of the setting is done inside of the `newSettings` function.

> > **Note:** all the `mapset.Set` objects are deliberately created using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note
> **Note:** all the `mapset.Set` objects are deliberately created using
:::
```

The `Valid` method ensures no "denied" label is also part of the "constrained" map. The check
is simplified by the usage of the `Intersect` method provided by `mapset.Set`.

> > **Note:** the `Valid` method is invoked against an already instantiated `Setting` object. That means

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note
> **Note:** the `Valid` method is invoked against an already instantiated `Setting` object. That means
```

> the validation of the regular expression provided by the user already took place
> inside of the `Settings` constructor.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::
```
